oreo on the leash for the first time I
have the muzzle on but really with his
body language muzzle isn't needed
walking exactly where I should good
first intro still day one took the
muzzle off he's doing good walking
really far behind me so I'll introduce
them to the dogs with the muzzle but
right now his only job is to follow see
the no tension on the leash whatsoever
he's walking there he has pretty high
intense prey Drive you have to work on
initial introduction
very tense definitely not nervous
anymore I don't like stale getting into
more of a dominant state you see the box
or if you had a tail would be up right
now Huskies up trying to put his head on
top dominance don't want that mainly
just to play mode though day two with
the Oreo blended well with pack doesn't
need a muzzle anymore
breathing patterns really well tales
will use a little bit of dominance with
the other dogs or you come what's it for
you sit
not too well with syd yet oreo that
smart I'm sorry that warehouse a little
bit alert and tells tales not up he's
not dominant he follows me he'll go
right up the people right offense
animals his body language just keep
looking everywhere pretty nervous pretty
erotic and we start to walk you see how
anxious he gets he usually follows
pretty well but right now he likes to
dart around day two with Oreo all my
dogs she's very well socialized with
dogs getting really good with people oh
yeah he's really bonded with me the
years are back very submissive this is
day six of Goryeo already leash trained
off leash trained common obedience he's
pretty well trained on said
cheap
Shh
getting there with common obedience but
probably a couple more days and he'll be
one hundred percent